Welcome to the association's premises
of Argentine football where he formed here in
Argentina as a sponsor of our
football team is presenting
this limited edition of the goal
precisely the goal cap the goal a
vehicle the most successful in terms of
Commercial patent sales
in the history of Argentina with more
of 750 thousand units patented from its
launch to date and this association
with football that unites the passion of
Argentines for this sport with the
driving passion and facing the global
from brasil-2014
it was important to bring this novelty of
product that will be launching in
the dealers in these next ones
days with a quantity of 2,000 units
and basically has several novelties
both in terms of the vehicle's exterior
as in the interior
outside there are some that are
easily visible as the
15- inch alloy wheels with
a new design the rear-view mirrors
repeated in black the rear spoiler
black coated side sticker
which identifies the model of the brand cab
with the number 10 and on the tailgate
there is also a pothole there is a
identification with the Argentine flag
in terms of interior it has like to the
to be a sports vehicle the goal to have
a sporty character has a pedalboard
coated in aluminum and inside
of roof coated in black and has some
new upholstery that we not only say what
they make more comfortable but also much more
aesthetic
you add of course the
characteristics of the vehicle
1.6 engine so so robust and so tested
with 101 horses the multifunction steering wheel
that makes it fun to handle the
double airbag at a time in short let's say a
vehicle with characteristics of
high-end vehicles in a vehicle
like the goal very entertaining this and very
sympathetic let's say to handle and how
always let's say this one
appropriate to the user's target let's say
with much wave
the proposal is to bring new products
bring news and combine this passion
Say there between football and
management and will play a platform that
in a way that is a bit the platform
of football where the sponsorship of the
selection of our selection is one of
the legs and that we call in
umbrella terms of 5 everywhere
not that it also has as a game
between continuing as we follow each of
us to the teams of which
this is we are fans we are fans
and what better than to follow it say with a
goal not the vehicle that we can that
20 years ago he has been carrying us and
bringing everywhere with which
We thank, as always, the presence of
16 valves in each of the events
what we do and we invite them not only to
enjoy the car but to enjoy
a soccer game in these divine
facilities that have complex
the aviation of Argentine football and that
surely it will be today one day
let's say this hard enough to forget